hello hi how are you
it's Dustin hi how are you I'm fine you
know I was thinking about jean-marc and
franz today it's a shame that they'll be
noted just for their power and speed as
dancers because you and I know them as
these wonderful artists I know they can
do about this anything
just imagine here we have another pair
that are real stars of championship
ballroom dancing 10 times Canadian
professional champions so good they've
been married 13 years and they nest
together his kids
they have two children ages four and a
half and one and a half as you know
they're very busy and as the recording
said just previously they've also off we
spend on for their power and speed and
the rumba shows off now their ability to
control and stretch long game they have
such a feeling and love for Dan
it just shows there's something very
joyous about watching him and her react
no
oh joy
well doesn't look to me like they've
lost very much of their speed
so when they did that for the crowd
they would have missed it
all right
contagion
standing up for the well-deserved
you